---
name: Hem Borker
image: photos/committee/hem.png
---

Dear OIS Members,

As the term draws to an end and I reflect on the journey that we have taken
together as a student community, one achievement stands out above all: the
growing enthusiasm and participation. Over the past few months our team -
Abhishek, Amit, Dev, Medha, Sadia, Shriman, Sudakshina, Ullash and Vanya -
has worked very hard to build on and carry forward the work of our
predecessors. We continued with our popular events like the Bollywood BOP,
Holi celebrations, as well as the policy blog which thanks to your support
saw participation like never before.

We have also inaugurated events like the Indian Formal Hall (held at Merton
this year), Aasha - a platform to promote young artists to raise funds for
Indian charities, supporting innovative fundraising initiatives in
ingenious ways, and hosting events which facilitate interaction, be it over
dinner with actors like Naseeruddin Shah, seminars with the likes of
Christophe Jaffrelot or simply chai to discuss the election results or
enjoy Republic Day away from home.

We are also putting together an elaborate plan to engage with both the new
and the old; the new incoming students - Indian offer-holders who will be
joining Oxford as well as the growing alumni body.

As always we look towards you for support. It is only with your greater
involvement and participation, the creativity and energy of new ideas that
we can look forward with hope to building ourselves as a student body that
reflects the uniqueness and diversity of the Indian student community in
Oxford.

Hem Borker
